csi: make AttachRequired as configurable (#11899)
rook/rook: Documentation/Helm-Charts/operator-chart.md

> | `crds.enabled` | Whether the helm chart should create and update the CRDs. If false, the CRDs must be managed independently with deploy/examples/crds.yaml. **WARNING** Only set during first deployment. If later disabled the cluster may be DESTROYED. If the CRDs are deleted in this case, see [the disaster recovery guide](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Troubleshooting/disaster-recovery/#restoring-crds-after-deletion) to restore them. | `true` |

Reviewer: Add something like `***` next to the options and add single notes at the bottom of the table ? 

csi-addons operation like reclaimspace and future keyrotation will not be supported too if this option is enabled since we'll have no VolumeAttachments to determine which node the pvc is mounted on.

Author: yes that true but we need to find an alternative way to support it.

| `csi.allowUnsupportedVersion` | Allow starting an unsupported ceph-csi image | `false` |
| `csi.attacher.image` | Kubernetes CSI Attacher image | `registry.k8s.io/sig-storage/csi-attacher:v4.1.0` |

> | `csi.cephFSAttachRequired` | specify cephFSAttachRequired field to instruct Kubernetes to skip any attach operation altogether for CephFS PVC. More details at https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/skip-attach.html#skip-attach-with-csi-driver-object **WARNING** If cephFSAttachRequired is set to false it skips the volume attachments and makes the creation of pods using the CephFS PVC fast. It's highly discouraged to use this for CephFS RWO volumes. Refer [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/103305) for more details | `true` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `csi.cephFSAttachRequired` | Whether to skip any attach operation altogether for CephFS PVCs. See more details [here](https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/skip-attach.html#skip-attach-with-csi-driver-object). If cephFSAttachRequired is set to false it skips the volume attachments and makes the creation of pods using the CephFS PVC fast. **WARNING** It's highly discouraged to use this for CephFS RWO volumes. Refer to this [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/103305) for more details. | `true` |
```

| `csi.provisionerPriorityClassName` | PriorityClassName to be set on csi driver provisioner pods | `"system-cluster-critical"` |
| `csi.provisionerReplicas` | Set replicas for csi provisioner deployment | `2` |
| `csi.provisionerTolerations` | Array of tolerations in YAML format which will be added to CSI provisioner deployment | `nil` |

> | `csi.rbdAttachRequired` | specify rbdAttachRequired field to instruct Kubernetes to skip any attach operation altogether for RBD PVC. More details at https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/skip-attach.html#skip-attach-with-csi-driver-object **WARNING** If rbdAttachRequired is set to false it skips the volume attachments and makes the creation of pods using the RBD PVC fast. It's highly discouraged to use this for RBD RWO volumes as it can cause data corruption. csi-addons operation like Reclaimspace and PVC Keyrotation will not be supported too if below value is set to false since we'll have no VolumeAttachments to determine which node the pvc is mounted on. Refer [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/103305) for more details | `true` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `csi.rbdAttachRequired` | Whether to skip any attach operation altogether for RBD PVCs. See more details [here](https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/skip-attach.html#skip-attach-with-csi-driver-object). If set to false it skips the volume attachments and makes the creation of pods using the RBD PVC fast. **WARNING** It's highly discouraged to use this for RWO volumes as it can cause data corruption. csi-addons operations like Reclaimspace and PVC Keyrotation will also not be supported if set to false since we'll have no VolumeAttachments to determine which node the PVC is mounted on. Refer to this [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/103305) for more details. | `true` |
```
